so the funny thing is they told me that
they got they like probably did some
paperwork or something with Peter to let
him know that they were gonna do this
and he forgot about it so apparently he
doesn't know this is coming and so they
said like don't tell Peter or don't show
it to him because it's a surprise that
he's gonna like wake up and see it wait
so he like I imagine like someone
reached out to Peter in the IKEA side
did he's like for what yeah and then
they're like okay yeah great nothing
what's up everybody it is Travis and
Broden we are in Korea right now before
I left I got a link to a video which is
apparently a doublelift ad that's gonna
start wearing airing on television and
they basically mentioned that I could do
like a reaction video to it or just like
video about it for the first time and so
I decided to do that because we've got a
little bit of downtime here in the hotel
room burdens with me my understanding is
that this is some sort of enemy thing I
don't normally watch the enemy so maybe
Broden will be able to understand more
of it but let's just go ahead and get
into it all so I guess this is a world's
video so technically but thank you to
you Gigi for sending us here
because we wouldn't be filming this in
the hotel if it wasn't for them all
right here we go so uh Mike here
Academical soundtrack yeah I don't know
what that is what I've heard about the
anime being big okay that's pretty cool
it was supposed to be oh it seemed like
going through his years okay that's
pretty sick yes well it's very animated
that's him like climbing out other
solution yeah this is hip losing that's
what that's what this Abbot okay it's
actually really cool I like when they
merge like players but the champions
okay so one like the best of five or was
that way oh yeah that was cool it was
like him thinking through it okay Emma
so that's part of the it's on campaign
that's pretty neat what did you think oh
they even have like an alienware monitor
there so they fit like his those sponsor
that's actually pretty sick I didn't
notice that the first time so this is
him growing up but he has the bowl cut
in every situation yeah that's pretty
good
it's a weird evolution yeah exactly it's
like him overturning through his mid-20s
always with a bulkhead I just don't
understand what the yellow jersey is cuz
he's got like a yellow jersey on but
that was never like a thing so really
neat like actually it's just it's so
cool that they're like literally putting
the pro players into animes and stuff
now essentially we animated things one
of my favorite league videos with this
video eight or ten players their hands
or something turn into like their lead
characters but it didn't like doing dark
style you're doing darks a betrayal Last
Airbender
yeah I just remember like watching that
being like what is this so I'd yeah I'm
trying to see ok so there's like I don't
know what that shirt is do you know if
there's not one hot one oh I think
that's the Miami shirt oh and then
there's a there's a chi so as a so Frank
I saw a picture on the wall so that's
cool there's like a frame chi set up on
the wall yeah and then I'm like pretty
sure that's good Miami sure cuz they
each got a script for winning oh oh yeah
it is it is bottling it says butling
okay best to this okay that's a much
cooler room than the one that he lives
in his cue time is only 45 seconds which
is not okay no he's still waiting this
is like he's waiting to for the like
matches oh okay okay okay so but I mean
whenever he like summons in
this like into this as it's all lighting
up yeah that's like him like getting
it's like champions like maybe and he's
thinking through maybe it's not
champions like but he's like thinking
through all this stuff I think he's just
thinking through the good old times okay
yeah nice okay I think it's super cool I
love that they're doing this with
players and like the different
personalities this is the first one I
think they've done with players right
because I saw the little like for the
it's on campaign yeah I saw the little
peachy one and then there was what was
the other one there's another one that
was they did recently I mean they did
the one that's like the five oh yeah
yeah but they're starting to use more
like the League personalities in it yeah
so I don't know anyway that I think is
really cool I'm happy to see riot doing
this stuff it's the first time we saw it
so I'm sure there's like other Easter
eggs that we missed it like will pop up
in the red threads ov2 comparability how
didn't they see that but either way it's
just it's pretty neat I like the fact
that there's little details in there
like the botlane shirt that's hung up
yeah and just like all the different
stuffs that they have like the fact that
he's using like sponsor equipment
it's neat so any final thoughts cool
piece yeah cool piece
good job right congrats to Peter that's
apparently supposed to air on television
so I don't know I don't have cable but I
thought it'll be on YouTube and stuff
too so thanks for watching we have more
world's coverage coming at you here on
this YouTube channel thanks to you GG be
sure
just drop whatever you're doing right
now and open up the description because
that you can look at all those links and
if you just press all of them and do all
the things that like follow on on twitch
and looked at the ug thing and like
follow me on all that stuff it's super
good britain's not in any of the
description so you don't have to worry
about him he's irrelevant and yeah
thanks for watching
hey I hope you enjoyed that reaction
video with double F I actually thought
that anime was so cool and it reminds me
a little bit of double its most
prominent sponsor you gg
did you know they sponsor them they're
also sponsoring our world's coverage how
goddamn cool is that anyway let me tell
you a little bit about you GG they're
gonna help you make sure you never lose
champions select again all
do is click the link in the description
that helps me out that they know then
that you're watching this you care about
me and you like the video and and then
you go just pin a champion name into
that little box that pops up on their
page you'll learn all about that
champion just a minute a couple of
seconds that's actually how doublelift
is so good a little secret he's been in
the beta for you GG since 2010 when he
started playing like okay that's not
true but you get the point it's really
good they support double if they support
me hopefully you'll support them thanks
for watching